OCPBUGS#35554: Clarify OLM vs CVO Operators in book index (#83425)
openshift/openshift-docs: operators/index.adoc

include::modules/operators-overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

> Operators are designed specifically for Kubernetes-native applications to implement and automate common Day 1 operations on a {product-title} cluster, such as installation and configuration. Operators can also automate Day 2 operations, such as autoscaling up and down and creating backups. All these activities are in a piece of software running inside your cluster.

Reviewer: So is this paragraph only about cluster Operators? Because it sounds like that, but isn't specified. 

IDK the addition of this content overall is confusing, I think because of the order of it in the section and the increased length of text without headings or other formatting. Maybe if this and the next paragraph are related to the two bullets preceding, they can each be smaller sections all together.

> Operators are designed specifically for Kubernetes-native applications to implement and automate common Day 1 operations on a {product-title} cluster, such as installation and configuration. Operators can also automate Day 2 operations, such as autoscaling up and down and creating backups. All these activities are in a piece of software running inside your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operators are designed specifically for Kubernetes-native applications to implement and automate common Day 1 operations on a {product-title} cluster, such as installation and configuration. Operators can also automate Day 2 operations, such as autoscaling up or down and creating backups. All of these activities are directed by a piece of software running inside your cluster.
```

> Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) and OperatorHub are default components in {product-title} that help manage add-on Operators. Together they provide the system for discovering, installing, and managing optional Operators available on the cluster, also known as _OLM-based Operators_.

Reviewer: Yes, so this seems to tie-in with bullet #2. And I have no idea what OperatorHub is here. Sudden mention without explanation. Should OperatorHub be listed in the preceding bullet as well, or is it just an interface for OLM, etc?

> In {product-title}, all cluster functions are divided into a series of default _cluster Operators_. Cluster Operators are a different type of Operator that manage a particular area of cluster functionality, such as cluster-wide application logging, management of the Kubernetes control plane, or the machine provisioning system. Cluster Operators are installed by default, unless otherwise noted, and are managed by the Cluster Version Operator (CVO) and not by OLM.

Reviewer: Hmm so again, I am confused about this content and where it belongs. With bullet #1? 

Thinking you might want to refactor this section with the new content and make subheads for OLM-managed Operators and CVO-managed Operators (or by function, Cluster Operators and Optional Operators).
